feat(changelog): containers-added-triggers-for-serverless-containers 2023-07-26 (#1978)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2023/2023-07-26-containers-added-triggers-for-serverless-containers.mdx

---
title: Triggers for Serverless Containers in Beta
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-07-26
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> Serverless Containers can now be triggered from Message Queues hosted in Messaging and Queuing SQS namespaces. Simply add an SQS Trigger from the console and when a new message is sent to the queue, it will trigger your Containers on the / path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers can now be triggered from Message Queues hosted in Messaging and Queuing SQS namespaces. Simply add an SQS Trigger from the console and when a new message is sent to the queue, it will trigger your Containers on the `/` path.
```
